feat(core/dropdownbutton): migrate to shadow dom (#638)
siemens/ix: BREAKING_CHANGES.md

## v2.0.0

### `ix-dropdown` removed deprecated properties

- adjustDropdownWidthToReferenceWith
- adjustDropdownWidthToReferenceWidth

### `ix-dropdown` submenu

> Submenu append chevron icon automatically to the trigger element, if the trigger element is an ix-dropdown-item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The submenu now appends a chevron icon automatically to the trigger element, if the trigger element is an ix-dropdown-item.
```
